Added `Interfaces.md` in the kotlin folder (#1948)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/Interfaces/Interfaces.md

---
Title: 'Interface'

> Description: 'Interface are like abstract class describing methods and variables that should exist in any class that implements the interface.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Interfaces are an abstract class describing methods and variables that should exist in any class that implements the interface.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Classes'
  - 'Inheritance'
  - 'OOP'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> An **interface** is a type that defines a set of methods and properties that a class can implement. It provides a way to define a contract between the implementing class and the calling code. An interface can be thought of as a blueprint for a class, where the class must implement all the methods and properties defined in the **interface**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **interface** is a type that defines a set of methods and properties that a class can implement. It provides a way to define a contract between the implementing class and the calling code. An interface can be thought of as a blueprint for a class, where the class must implement all the methods and properties defined in the interface.
```
